README.md, before:

# t400-firmware

## Overview
Firmware for the Pax Instruments T400 temperature datalogger

## Setup
1. Install the Arduino IDE from http://arduino.cc/en/Main/Software. This code is developed using Arcuino IDE 1.6, but may work under versions 1.0.6 and 1.5.8.
2. Install the following Arduino libraries.
  - U8Glib graphical LCD https://github.com/PaxInstruments/u8glib
  - MCP3424 ADC https://github.com/PaxInstruments/MCP3424
  - MCP980X temperature sensor https://github.com/PaxInstruments/MCP980X
  - DS3231 RTC https://github.com/PaxInstruments/ds3231
  - SdFat library https://github.com/PaxInstruments/SdFat (use the SdFat directory within this repository)
  - SPI flash https://github.com/PaxInstruments/SPIFlash
3. Set the Arduino board to "LilyPad Arduino USB".
4. Flash the T400 with the Pax Instruments bootloader at https://github.com/PaxInstruments/pi32u4_boards (requires extra steps)
4. Plug in your T400 and turn it on
5. Select the serial port corresponding to your T400

During compilation on OSX you may receive errors relating to `RobotControl()` in `ArduinoRobot.cpp`. This seems to be a problem in Arduino 1.0.5 and later. To work around this...

1. Go into Applications>Arduino and right-click, "Show package contents"
2. Go to Contents>Resources>Java>libraries
3. Delete the folder "Robot_Control"

Commit message:

Updated README with current installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# t400-firmware

## Overview
Firmware for the Pax Instruments T400 temperature datalogger

## Setup
1. Install the Arduino IDE from http://arduino.cc/en/Main/Software. This code is developed using Arcuino IDE 1.6.7.
2. Install the following Arduino libraries.
  - U8Glib graphical LCD https://github.com/PaxInstruments/u8glib
  - MCP3424 ADC https://github.com/PaxInstruments/MCP3424
  - MCP980X temperature sensor https://github.com/PaxInstruments/MCP980X
  - DS3231 RTC https://github.com/PaxInstruments/ds3231
  - SdFat library https://github.com/PaxInstruments/SdFat (use the SdFat directory within this repository)
  - SPI flash https://github.com/PaxInstruments/SPIFlash
3. Install the Pax Instruments hardware core (unzip it and move it to the hardware/ directory in your Sketches folder):
  - https://github.com/PaxInstruments/ATmega32U4-bootloader
4. Restart Arduino if it was already running
5. In tools->board, set the Arduino board to "Pax Instruments T400".
6. In tools->port, select the serial port corresponding to the T400 (Arduino should identify it correctly)
